docs: add instructions for releases, and publishing (#34)
paritytech/substrate-js-dev: README.md

# @substrate/dev

JS/TS development environment configuration and dependencies for @substrate projects.

## Release && Publishing

> You must first be a member, and developer within the npm @substrate org before being able to publish this package to npm. You must also have 2FA enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NPM prerequisites: You must be a member of the `@substrate` NPM org and must belong to the `developers` team within the org. (Please make sure you have 2FA enabled.)
```

1. Create a branch 'name-v0-5-0'.

> 2. Manually update the changelog with the commits leading up to the current release.

Reviewer 2: commits: Maybe PR-level granularity is sufficient yes?

> 3. Update the version inside of the package.json (NOTE: Very important for NPM).

Reviewer: We should look into how to do this auto with yarn 2. Maybe polkadot-js has some hints?

Author: Yea I agree, I will follow up on that issue you created and see how we can change the workflow for this local repo as well.

> 4. Send a PR up and merge into main/master. 

Reviewer 2: "Make a PR and merge into main/master"?

    * example commit: `git commit -m 'chore(release): 0.5.0'`

5. Pull main/master down and follow the commands below.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

$ yarn npm login
$ yarn npm publish
```

6. Setup the git tags with the following commands

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

$ git tag v0.5.0

> $ git push origin --tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ git push origin v0.5.0
```
Maybe? Just to make sure we only push the tag we intentionally made

Author: Nice! TIL you can push up via the exact tag. I just checked the docs to make sure to. Pretty cool!

```

> 7. Setup the tag release in the github repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create a release from the new tag on GitHub.com. 
```
